Bd-4011 Update RTL messages with screenshot and best practice (#9021)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/ideas_and_strategies/localizing_a_campaign/right_to_left_messages.md

{: start="4"}
4. Paste the formatted text into Braze.

### Comparison of left-to-right and left-to-right messages

> Notice in this screenshot how the right-to-left message displays the exclamation point and emoji on the right side of the text, whereas the right-to-left button message correctly displays the exclamation point and emoji on the left side of the text at the end of each sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
You can often tell if you have the correct right-to-left settings by looking at the punctuation. In the screenshot on the left, the exclamation point and emoji are on the right side of the text, which is the beginning of the sentence for right-to-left languages. In the screenshot on the right, formatted as right-to-left, the message correctly displays the exclamation points and emoji at the end of the sentences.
```

Special characters (such as punctuation, mathematical symbols, and currency), numbers, bullet points, and emojis may “jump around” when crafting right-to-left messages in Braze. To work around this, write your copy with proper formatting in an external word processor, and then paste the copy into Braze. It may also help to avoid placing emojis at the beginning of your text and instead separate them (and special characters and numbers) from text with line breaks to avoid alignment issues.

### Arabic messages

> When composing Arabic messages, use significantly higher font point sizes for the same readability you'd achieve with other languages. We suggest using a font size that is about 20% larger than your usual size for languages that use the Latin or Roman alphabet. This is because Arabic fonts are small to accomodate the vertical space taken up by diacratics (accent marks).

Author: oh! they're small so that they can accommodate accents. I'll update that so it's clearer 🫡
